# HTML meeting

Amsterdam (The Netherlands), 19th - 21st June 2018

## Expected attendees
Please add your name by [editing a branch and making a Pull Request, or by mail to public-html@w3.org (which will result in your name being published here.

### Will attend
* Chaals McCathie Nevile (Yandex)
* Scott O'Hara (TPG)
* LÃ©onie Watson (TPG)
* Xiaoqian Wu (W3C)
* Steve Faulkner (TPG)
* Shwetank Dixit (Barrier Break)
* Bruce Lawson (Independant Consultant for Wix)

#### Observers
* Job van Achterberg (Tenon)

### Hope to attend
* Sangwhan Moon (Odd Concepts)

### Regrets

## Draft agenda
Please add agenda requests here by [editing a branch and making a Pull Request, or by mail to public-html@w3.org (which will result in it being published here.

## Logistics

<dl>
<dt>Date(s)</dt>
<dd>Tue 19th to Thu 21st June 2018</dd>
<dt>Time</dt>
<dd>9.30am to 5pm (each day)</dd>
<dt>Venue</dt>
<dd>
University of Applied Sciences<br>
Wibautstraat 2-4<br>
1091 GM Amsterdam</dd>
<dt>Contact</dt>
<dd>Vasilis Van Gemert</dd>
<dt>IRC</dt>
<dd>irc.w3.org, #html</dd>
<dt>Remote Participation</dt>
<dd>Will be confirmed</dd>
</dl>
